HTTP: Add TLS version configurability for grafana server (#67482)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

`http`,`https`,`h2` or `socket`

### min_tls_version

> Minimum TLS version that needs to be used in TLS Handshake. Possible Values are TLS1.2 and TLS1.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TLS Handshake requires a minimum TLS version. The available options are TLS1.2 and TLS1.3.
```

Author: I have made changes.

> If nothing is specified, TLS1.2 will be taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify a version, the system uses TLS1.2.
```

Author: i have made changes

### tls_ciphers

> Values accepted for TLS cipher. By default, this value is empty. Example value: "TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section refers to the values that are accepted for the TLS cipher. By default, this value is left empty. Example value: "TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256"
```

> For a complete list of supported ciphers and TLS versions, refer to: https://go.dev/src/crypto/tls/cipher_suites.go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of supported ciphers and TLS versions, refer to [Source file src/crypto/tls/cipher_suites.go](https://go.dev/src/crypto/tls/cipher_suites.go).
```

Author: This comment is fine. i will have made changes

> To support backward compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To support backward compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Backward compatibility
```

Author: will make changes

> To support backward compatibility
> For TLS1.2, when protocol is configured as https and if no ciphers are configured then following would be applied: "TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the protocol is set to HTTPS and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following settings to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2.: `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`
```

> For TLS1.2, when protocol is configured as h2 and if no ciphers are configured then following would be applied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following settings are applied for TLS1.2 when h2 is the configured protocol and no ciphers are configured:
```

Author: instead of settings, we can put ciphers

> If the protocol is set to https and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following ciphers to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2: `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the protocol is set to HTTPS and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following ciphers to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2: `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`
```

Author: i have made it small case, as the protocol that is configured in .ini file is small case. Let me know if you want to change?

Reviewer: ah, then we should use tickmarks, like `https`. I'll make that change and commit my suggestion (for expediency).

> "TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256,TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256,TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305`
```

`http`,`https`,`h2` or `socket`

### min_tls_version

The TLS Handshake requires a minimum TLS version. The available options are TLS1.2 and TLS1.3.
If you do not specify a version, the system uses TLS1.2.

### tls_ciphers

This section refers to the values that are accepted for the TLS cipher. By default, this value is left empty. Example value: "TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256"
For a list of supported ciphers and TLS versions, refer to [Source file src/crypto/tls/cipher_suites.go](https://go.dev/src/crypto/tls/cipher_suites.go).

### Backward compatibility

> If the protocol is set to HTTPS and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following ciphers to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2: `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the protocol is set to `https` and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following ciphers to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2: `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`
```

> If the protocol is set to HTTPS and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following ciphers to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2: `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the protocol is set to`https` and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following ciphers to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2: `TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA,TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA`
```

> If the protocol is set to h2 and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following ciphers to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the protocol is set to`h2` and there are no ciphers configured, the system will apply the following ciphers to support backward compatibility for TLS 1.2:
```
